We have implemented the smart contract that's starNotary,
modified the migration file,
and implement the test cases.
Let's run our test cases.
The first thing to do is in your terminal,
run the command truffle develop.
Remember, if you installed truffle globally using the pseudo command,
you will need to run the command using sudo as well.
In my case, I'm going to use sudo truffle develop.
If you see, I have my URL indicating that truffle
started on local host with the port 9545.
The second step is compile your smart contract.
To do that, write the command compile.
The third step is using the migrate command, migrate reset.
Always use the reset option to make sure that
you start a clean and new smart contract session.
Once you have the complete the migration reset,
then you can use the test command.
If you see, the test cases were absolutely fine, 3 passing.